The U.S. dollar, with its universal acceptability and trusted design, is
also the most counterfeited currency in the world. Even so, counterfeiting-
one of the oldest crimes in history--has been managed successfully since
1865 when the United States Secret Service was created to curtail
counterfeiters. At that time, bogus bills--amounting to almost one-third of
the nation's currency--posed a serious risk to the country's economic
stability.
  
The Secret Service's enforcement success has been aided by the enduring
design. Along with the paper used for making currency, the design
incorporates numerous security features to deter counterfeiters. The
border, the portrait, the red and blue fibers embedded in the paper, the
placement of seals and serial numbers, and the intaglio printing from
meticulously engraved plates are security designs that have served well for
almost a century. The features, along with strict enforcement, discourage
all but the most determined from pursuing the crime of counterfeiting.
  
But now, advancements in color copier, laser scanner, and digital printing
equipment require another step to protect currency. A new threat is posed
by the opportunity for inexperienced people with access to modern equipment
to make counterfeits in offices, copy centers, and printing facilities. The
Secret Service is effective in rooting out large-scale, professional
counterfeiters. But the potential for small numbers of counterfeits being
passed extensively in widely dispersed areas presents a new law enforcement
challenge.
  
source: http://textfiles.com/fun/$tripes.txt